Add Integrations section (#92)
crate/cloud-docs: docs/cluster/integrations.md

(cluster-integrations)=
# Integrations

CrateDB Cloud simplifies data ingestion with fully managed integrations from
external data sources. Unlike traditional import jobs, integrations run
continuously, automatically importing new data into your CrateDB Cloud cluster
as it becomes available. This makes them ideal for real-time data
synchronization and keeping your database up to date with external systems.
Fully managed by CrateDB Cloud, integrations eliminate the need for manual
setup or maintenance of separate ETL pipelines.

```{figure} ../_assets/img/integrations-example.png
:width: 600px
:align: center
:alt: Integration in CrateDB Cloud
```

:::{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
:hidden:

MongoDB CDC (Preview) <integrations/mongo-cdc>
:::

---

:::
## Key Concepts
:::

:::
### Integration
:::

An integration in CrateDB Cloud automatically imports data from an external data
source into a table within your CrateDB Cloud cluster. It uses a secure

> connection to ensure data integrity and can run continuously to handle updates

Reviewer: I have missing link between "secure conenction" and "data integrity", did you want to say something like this?
```suggestion
connection to ensure data privacy from first contact,  and can run continuously to handle updates
```
